******
Output
******

This section describes, how output will be produced for the given input.
Following are the planned ways to produce output

#. stdout, print on the screen
#. file, store in the file
#. Send the data over the network
#. Make available results through web server

etc

Output method depends on the pre processor for formatting the output as
per requirement. Configuration which are not specific to jaanch/group are
stored in the configuration file for the Nirikshak.

stdout
------

Whatever is passed to the output, it will be directly displyed on the console,
there will be no formatting done, however their is a mechanism(discussed later)
to provide, customized output display.

File
----

It stores the output to the file without changing the format, there is a
mechnism where you can do some formatting or processing before dumping to
file, which makes sure that applications dependant on a particular format can
be generated as per requirement.

Input required for this mechnism is the file location. Nirikshak configuration
file has section for each output which contains configurations related to that
output type. For example, for File

.. code:: ini

  [file]
  location = /var/nirikshak/output/


Network
-------

If user's application requires data to be transmitted over the internet to some
api or some endpoint then it will be possible through this plugin. User's
write their own functions to customize output.

Information related to host, port, method and url for the REST call will be
provided through the configuration file present in the /etc/nirikshak.

.. code:: ini

  [network]
  host = 192.168.1.10 # example
  port = 4938 # example
  url_prefix = /output/data/ # example


webserver(TBD)
--------------

A temporary web server will be created and content will be exposed over a URL,
application will be able to download this information from the setup web
server. Port, host and url will be required in the configuration file,
which will be used for expose.

.. code:: ini

  [webserver]
  host = 192.168.1.10 # example
  port = 4938 # example
  url_prefix = /output/data/ # example


********************
Output Customization
********************

If output format is required to be in some format, users will be able to write
their own output customization callables. Information of the callable may be
provided in each defined jaanch or as per group. Callable must accept a
dictionary, which contains all the information of the jaanch being done and
output generated by the corresponding plugin with the given input. Callable
can be a simple funcion, for example

.. code:: python

  def formatter(kwargs):
    return kwargs['output']

Given callable must return string value to the output module, which can be
processed
